The bulk of End Users of Comment Anywhere are expected to be what we term Guests. Guests are anyone utilizing the Comment Anywhere Front End who have not created an account. They are able to automatically request Comments for the web page they are on by opening the Browser Extension or navigating to a new page with the Extension open. They may not post or report comments, and some moderated comments may be invisible to them. They may submit a registration form to create an Account or a login form to log into an existing account.

Users who have created and logged into an account are termed Members. They can still view comments, but are additionally able to post comments and configure their personalized settings to view hidden comments that may contain offensive material. They are also able to report comments that contain offensive material.

Administrators are users with high level permissions who are assigned by the Comment Anywhere business team. They are responsible for monitoring the performance of Comment Anywhere. They will be able to request and receive reports on User Activity on Comment Anywhere. They can also interact with the software in the same ways as users with lower permissions; viewing comments, posting comments, reporting comments, moderating comments, and so forth. However, they can also select Members to elevate to the status of Moderators, review moderation actions, and remove Moderators.

Moderators are Members who are granted elevated status by Administrators. They are expected to primarily be volunteers, due to cost constraints. They are tasked with reviewing comments that have been reported and permitted to take moderation actions on them. They can remove a comment that violates U.S. Law, which will make its content invisible to most users. They can "hide" comments that are objectionable but not illegal, making them invisible except to Members who have configured their settings to view offensive comments. They may ban Members who have violated the rules of Comment Anywhere. Moderators are divided into Global Moderators and Domain Moderators. Domain Moderators are permitted to moderate only comments on a particular domain, and may ban users only from commenting on that domain. Global Moderators may assign additional Domain Moderators or remove them, and may moderate all comments across the service. Global Moderators may review moderation actions.